[PL-47012] PL 1.25.5 Release Notes (#5398)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/platform.md

## February 2024

### Version 1.25.3 <!--  February 19, 2024 -->

#### New features and enhancements

> 

Reviewer: :::danger Important default delegate YAML update

- Harness has updated the default HPA in the Harness Delegate YAML to use `autoscaling/v2` instead of `autoscaling/v1` which was used in earlier delegate versions.

   With this update, the delegate default scaling metrics are now 70% of CPU and 70% of memory utilization.

   ```yaml
   
   ---
   
   
   apiVersion: autoscaling/v2
   kind: HorizontalPodAutoscaler
   metadata:
     name: kubernetes-delegate-hpa
     namespace: harness-delegate-ng
     labels:
         harness.io/name: kubernetes-delegate
   spec:
    scaleTargetRef:
      apiVersion: apps/v1
      kind: Deployment
      name: kubernetes-delegate
    minReplicas: 1
    maxReplicas: 1
    metrics:
    - type: Resource
      resource:
        name: cpu
        target:
          type: Utilization
          averageUtilization: 70
    - type: Resource
      resource:
        name: memory
        target:
          type: Utilization
          averageUtilization: 70
   
   
   ---
   
   ```
   
   Since `autoscaling/v2` has been GA with Kubernetes 1.23 and higher, if you have a Kubernetes version lower than 1.23, you must manually change the `apiVersion` in the `HorizontalPodAutoscaler` of your delegate YAML to `autoscaling/v1`.

   For more information, go to [Configure Harness Delegate autoscaling using replicas for Kubernetes](/docs/platform/delegates/manage-delegates/auto-scale-using-replicas/#configure-harness-delegate-autoscaling-using-replicas-for-kubernetes).

   
   This update only affects new delegate installations. Your existing, running delegates are not affected.
   
   :::

## February 2024

### Version 1.25.3 <!--  February 19, 2024 -->

#### New features and enhancements

:::danger Important default delegate YAML update

Harness has updated the default HPA in the Harness Delegate YAML to use autoscaling/v2 instead of autoscaling/v1 which was used in earlier delegate versions.

With this update, the delegate default scaling metrics are now 70% of CPU and 70% of memory utilization.

---  

apiVersion: autoscaling/v2  
kind: HorizontalPodAutoscaler  
metadata:  
  name: kubernetes-delegate-hpa  
  namespace: harness-delegate-ng  
  labels:  
      harness.io/name: kubernetes-delegate  
spec:  
 scaleTargetRef:  
   apiVersion: apps/v1  
   kind: Deployment  
   name: kubernetes-delegate  
 minReplicas: 1  
 maxReplicas: 1  
 metrics:  
 - type: Resource  
   resource:  
     name: cpu  
     target:  
       type: Utilization  
       averageUtilization: 70  
 - type: Resource  
   resource:  
     name: memory  
     target:  
       type: Utilization  
       averageUtilization: 70  

> ---  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---  
```

```

    minReplicas: 1
    maxReplicas: 1
    metrics:
    - type: Resource
      resource:
        name: cpu
        target:
          type: Utilization
          averageUtilization: 70
    - type: Resource
      resource:
        name: memory
        target:
          type: Utilization
          averageUtilization: 70
   
   
   ---
   
   ```
   
   Since `autoscaling/v2` has been GA with Kubernetes 1.23 and higher, if you have a Kubernetes version lower than 1.23, you must manually change the `apiVersion` in the `HorizontalPodAutoscaler` of your delegate YAML to `autoscaling/v1`.

   For more information, go to [Configure Harness Delegate autoscaling using replicas for Kubernetes](/docs/platform/delegates/manage-delegates/auto-scale-using-replicas/#configure-harness-delegate-autoscaling-using-replicas-for-kubernetes).

   
   This update only affects new delegate installations. Your existing, running delegates are not affected.
   
   :::

- Added ability to write delegate logs in JSON format using logstash-logback-encoder library. This can be useful if logs are injected into third party services like DataDog which works better with JSON format. (PL-43525)

> - Enhanced the `override-delegate-tag` API documentation to include details on `validForDays` and `validTillNextRelease` parameters. Additionally, the default value for `validForDays` has been updated to 180 days, extending from the previous 30 days. This update can be found [here](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Delegate-Setup-Resource/#operation/overrideDelegateImageTag). (PL-46879)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhanced the `override-delegate-tag` API documentation to include details on `validForDays` and `validTillNextRelease` parameters. Additionally, the default value for `validForDays` has been updated to 180 days, extending from the previous 30 days. For more information, go to [Override delegate image tag](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Delegate-Setup-Resource/#operation/overrideDelegateImageTag) in the API documentation. (PL-46879)
```

## February 2024

### Version 1.25.5 <!--  February 19, 2024 -->

> 

Reviewer: Items with delegate in the component column must include:

   This item is available with Harness Platform version 1.25.5 and does not require a new delegate version. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate).
